docs: add knative to the CRD guide (#988)
tilt-dev/tilt.build: docs/custom_resource.md

Tilt will automatically fetch logs, and create any port-forwards you specify.

## Installing Custom Resource Operators

To use a custom resource in a cluster, you'll need to install

> the Kubernetes operator that reads the new object type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [Kubernetes operator](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/operator/) that reads the new object type.
```

Most frameworks have an installation guide to help you set it up.

Here are some options for standardizing that installation in a Tilt environment.

### Using `local()` or `local_resource()`

The [`local`](/api.html#api.local) Tiltfile function can run arbitrary shell
scripts synchronously. This is the easiest way to get started.

```
local('./install-my-crd-operator.sh')
```

`local` is a blunt instrument - it will run everytime the Tiltfile reloads,
and it will block startup while it waits for the install to finish.

If you want to parallelize it, you can use `local_resource()`:

```
local_resource(
  name='my-crd-operator',
  cmd='./install-my-crd-operator.sh',
  allow_parallel=True)
```

Then, use [`resource_deps`](resource_deps.html) on your other resources to make
sure they wait on your `local_resource` to finish.

> 

Reviewer: one line example would be good here.

Author: done

### Using `k8s_custom_deploy()`

The [`k8s_custom_deploy`](/api.html#api.k8s_custom_deploy) Tiltfile function
uses a shell script to apply changes to a cluster.

The install shell script must print the result YAML to `stdout`

> so that Tilt can track what objects it creates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so that Tilt can track which objects the custom deployer has created.
```
